- [[inbox]]
- [[project-tasks]]
-
- **Projects:**
	- [[Project: HacKronyX]]
	- [[Pollution exposure Simulator for Public Awareness & Policy Impact]]
- **Areas**:
	- [[Problem Solving]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- #inbox - [[2025-07-31]] Completion of all the Data Structures.
		- #inbox - how to build the Intuition on patterns or concepts. - with Big picture and the patterns that reason, the group.
		- Recursion
		- Backtracking
		- [[Linked List]]
		- Stack
		- Queue
		- Priority Queues & Heap
		- Trees - BT, BST, Nary, AVL
		- Memoize - fact/fb/dp
		- Tabulation - coin change
		- sliding window
		- searching - Time complexity & Justification
		  collapsed:: true
			- Bubble
			- selection
			- quick
			- heapsort
			- tree sort
			- bucket sort
			- Time sort
		- Graphs
		- Tries
	- [[Development]]
		- [[Product-Based MNC Employee]]
		- [[how can backend development freelanced?]]
		- [[Udemy Back-end Course with Java]]
			- [[Understanding Cross-Origin Communication & Service Integration]]
			- DONE recap - @ [[2025-05-25]]
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2025-05-25 Sun 17:51:34]--[2025-05-25 Sun 17:51:35] =>  00:00:01
			  :END:
	- [[Competitions]]
		- [[Project: HacKronyX]]
	- [[Certifications]]
		- [[Udemy Back-end Course with Java]]
	- [[Everything starts with "Why"]]
- **Tree of Knowledge**:
	- **[[What is want to to be "me"?]]**
		- [[restart]] #[[What is want to to be "me"?]]
		  collapsed:: true
			- Focus on the Version **CEO** and Zoom out every time is the available solution now.
			- The Problem with me: **Partial Commitment and Dunning-Kruger effect**
				- Solution page:
				- Specific Knowledge chapter in [[Think and Grow Rich]] to read
				  collapsed:: true
					- Focuses on every decision you made. Largely the Habits shape the future.
				- Alux's video on 3 mistakes.
					- How hard could be??
					- stick with long enough
					- attitude:
						- [[2025-05-29]] - Constructive Thoughts
							- I want to be an Employee first, I want to work hard and build my knowledge. Do the required work.
		- [[Reason For IIT-JEE Failure]]
		- [[Building Main Character]]
		- [[rules and principles]]
	- [[Career]]
		- [[7 Patterns of Top 1000 Tech Founders]]
	- [[inbox]]
		-
- **Archive**
	- [[Colleges List -TNEA]]
	- [[Weekly Journal Prompts]]
	- [[NER Hack-a-thon]]
	- ((682c982f-7f9c-4120-a26f-12cb7c43b33f))
-