- **Reflection**
	- I'm Actually a developer, I can solve problems by my own #[[Product-Based MNC Employee]]
		- I solved the mistake in my code, [2074. Reverse Nodes in Even Length Groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-even-length-groups/); I trace the logic rather the code., then change sections that differ from logic tracing., Wallah, ==*_Trace in notes actually help me figure out what is the problem_*==. I'm Actually can solve my own problem, learn about the origin of the problem by tracing on Physical Note, then fix delibrately.
	- **If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do Today?**
	- **What actions that I'll do if the day is restored from the Morning 4 AM?**
	- **What have you achieved today? and others**
		- I started right away the priorities and refine it after.
	- **Top Priorities**
		- Problem solving (Learn/Practice/Review)
			- DONE leetcode
			- how I'm doing today.
		- Push one task in Creating Solution
		- DONE  Peace Mind
	- **Mood:**
		- On a scale of 1-10, how was my overall mood today?
			- [Rating]
		- What influenced my mood?
			- [Factors affecting mood]
	- **Gratitude:**
		- List three things I'm grateful for today.
			- I'm a problem solver. I can do this. Learn, find, Idea, Plan, Execute, Repeat & Win.
			- [Gratitude 2]
			- [Gratitude 3]
- **Captures and Notes**
	- Psychology of Money.
	- 14.  When you can't make a decision, remind yourself of: #restart
		- 1 - Who you don't want to become
		- 2 - Who you want to become
		- And if you still can't make a decision, ask yourself why you care so much about the approval of others.