- **Reflection**
	- **If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do Today?**
	- **What actions that I'll do if the day is restored from the Morning 4 AM?**
	- **What have you achieved today? and others**
	- **Top Priorities**
		- Good Amount of Problems (Learn/Practice/Review)
		- Push one task in Creating Solution & learn backend
		- DONE Peace Mind
	- **Mood:**
		- On a scale of 1-10, how was my overall mood today?
			- [Rating]
		- What influenced my mood?
			- [Factors affecting mood]
	- **Gratitude:**
		- List three things I'm grateful for today.
			- [Gratitude 1]
			- [Gratitude 2]
			- [Gratitude 3]
- **Captures and Notes**
	- Me and my mastermind group ~
	- Chase for new shiny objects
	- #restart - a reason for being stuck. ==*I'm not prioritize the right actions*== for day or moment rather do something unnecessary and expect result. DO THE RIGHT EFFORTFUL ACTIONS AND BE READY EMBRACE ANYTHING. -- [[Trigger the brain to success]]
		- ==*If It is Continued to not prioritize the TIME with RIGHT EFFORTFUL ACTIONS*== i.e: Solving Good amount of Problems on ds & math, Review Concept and Lever a task in Project & learn backend,. CONSEQUENCES ARE:
			- You'll will not have a good salaried job, The salary would not suffice and you'll done more work than the pay
			- Your Passion or dreams will  be eaten & you'll just be in a fantasy - not as a real conqueror in this world.
			- You'll obese, just looking on other's Hard work paid success and Jealous on it. And you'll think they might cheat or have luck.