- **Notes of the day**
	- [[Product-Based MNC Employee]]
		- Most of the companies down for quantity of the work. Through hours they measure Productivity.
		- A.T.S is being used by the companies, those software are hiring through the Keywords, templates and systems rather right demand.
		- We Have to set the desired Work, through research and acquire the skill they seek.
			- The high demand skills to work less and get paid well.
			- Think and Adaptability to high impact tasks.
			- Genuinely work for every single day
		- How to get place with desired role: *Build the Solutions, What you can Give and what you can highly Impact on the company.*
			- Direct, Personlized in applying and highlight the impact for them.
			- Engage and Portfolio - Communicate genuinely interested
			- Networks and referrals are golds.
	- True innovation doesn't come from the mind. It comes from the space between thoughts... What Zen masters call 'mushin.' [[Financially Independent]]
	-
	- Certifications:
	  collapsed:: true
		- Spring Framework 6 and Spring Boot 3
		- Algorithmic Toolbox
		- Intro to Machine Learning
		- Essentials of Cyber Security
		- Introduction to Python
		-
	- Skills:
	  collapsed:: true
		- Beginner in Spring Framework and Spring boot.
		- Core Java for Competitive Programming.
		- Python and C Programming languages.
		- Database Connectivity and Structure Query Language
		- Deploy basic Machine learning Models.
	- Projects done:
	  collapsed:: true
		- Spring  Framework, Java Database Connectivity and ORM Tool handling
			- Spring Framework in XML Configuration with Hibernate.
			- Spring in Java-based Configuration and Spring JDBC.
			- Basic JDBC with PostgreSQL on CRUD operations.
		- Advance JAVA
			- Quiz Application in Advance Java.
			- Tic-tac-toe Game with AI (Minimax Algorithm).
			-
		-
- Reflect of the day
	- What activity that consumes the most of the time? What does stop you from growing
	- Yearly, monthly, weakly, everyday and reflect them/.
	- Work with others #[[No Excuses]]
		- 10 goals - which goal they choose if they have a magic to instantly complete decides their mindset
		- Learn to say no
		- deep work is the solution
		-